Non-role input types require an accessible name (#2228)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/form-field-non-empty-accessible-name-e086e5.md

## Applicability

This rule applies to any element that is [included in the accessibility tree](#included-in-the-accessibility-tree) and for which one of the following is true:

- the element has one of the following [semantic roles][]: `checkbox`, `combobox` (`select` elements), `listbox`, `menuitemcheckbox`, `menuitemradio`, `radio`, `searchbox`, `slider`, `spinbutton`, `switch`, `textbox`; or

> - the element is an `input` with no [semantic role][] and a `type` [attribute value][] of `color`, `date`, `datetime-local`, `month`, `password`, `time`, or `week`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the element is an `input` with no [semantic role][] and a `type` [attribute value][] of `color`, `date`, `datetime-local`, `file`, `month`, `password`, `time`, or `week`.
```

- have [semantic roles][] that inherit from the `input`, `menuitem` or `select` role; and
- are form field controls (this notably excludes `menu`, `option` or `tree`).

> This rule does not test other control-like roles such as `button` and `menuitem`, because these do not inherit from `input` or `select`. These should be tested separately. Because certain input types such as date and color have no semantic role, these are listed as a separate item in the applicability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule does not test other control-like roles such as `button` and `menuitem`, because these do not inherit from `input` or `select`; these should be tested separately. This rule does test certain specific input types such as date and color because they have no semantic role, but still require an accessible name.
```
